you
hello my name is Ankur Patel I'm 18
years old and an active core part user I
am the proud owner of a 2002 BMW 330i I
chose this car to feed my passion for
BMWs when browsing through my dad's
corporate account over a year ago I came
upon this green BMW with a natural brown
interior and to top it all off it was
stick shift
this car has allowed me to do many
things such as learn to drive stick
shift teach me how to do extensive work
on cars and even has led me to open my
own shop where I performed a very unique
swap BMW never made a four-door m3 in
the e46 chassis so I set about creating
one the customizations to my car include
a one-of-a-kind four-door m3 CSL trunk
m3 body panels and most of all a car
created by me for me all of the work was
done myself and was learned by trial and
error because of Copart I have
accomplished many things that most
individuals can only dream of
Cobar has given me the opportunity to
learn and grow as a young individual and
will be a big part of my future
you